[Music]
Psalm 22 to the chief musician set to
the
of the dorm a psalm of david my god my
god why have you forsaken me why are you
so far from helping me and from the
words of my groaning oh my god I cry in
the daytime but you do not hear and in
the night season and I'm not silent but
you are holy enthroned in the praises of
Israel
our fathers trusted in you they trusted
and you delivered them they cried to you
and were delivered they trusted in you
and were not ashamed but I am a worm and
no man a reproach of men and despised by
the people all those who see me ridicule
me they shoot out the lip they shake the
head saying he trusted in the Lord
let him rescue him let him deliver him
since he delights in him but you are he
who took me out of the womb you made me
trust while on my mother's breasts I was
cast upon you from birth from my
mother's womb you have been my God be
not far from me for trouble is near for
there is none to help many bulls have
surrounded me strong Bulls of Bashan
have encircled me they gape at me with
their mouths like a raging and roaring
lion
I am poured out like water and all my
bones are out of joint my heart is like
wax it is melted within me my strength
is dried up like a potsherd and my
tongue clings to my jaws you have
brought me to the dust of death for dogs
have surrounded me the congregation of
the wicked has enclosed me they pierced
my hands and my feet I can count all my
bones they look and stare at me
they divide my garments among them and
for my clothing they cast lots but you O
Lord do not be far for me o my strength
hastened to help me deliver me from the
sword my precious life from the power of
the dog saved me from the lion's mouth
and from the horns of the wild oxen you
have answered me I will declare your
name to my brethren in the midst of the
assembly I will praise you you who fear
the Lord praise him all you descendants
of Jacob glorify him and fear him all
you offspring of Israel for he has not
despised nor abhorred the affliction of
the afflicted nor has he hidden his face
from him but when he cried to him he
heard my praise shall be of you in the
great assembly I will pay my vows before
those who fear him the poor shall eat
and be satisfied those who seek Him will
praise the Lord let your heart live
forever all the ends of the world shall
remember and turn to the Lord and all
the families of the nations shall
worship before you for the kingdom is
the Lord's and He rules over the
nation's all the prosperous of the earth
shall eat and worship all those who go
down to the dust shall bow before him
even he who cannot keep himself alive a
posterity shall serve him it will be
recounted of the Lord to the next
generation they will come and declare
his righteousness to a people who will
be born
that he has done this
[Music]